Use ddev config to change configuration (#315)
TYPO3-Documentation/TYPO3CMS-Guide-ContributionWorkflow: Documentation/Appendix/SettingUpTypo3Ddev.rst

You don't need to have a Webserver, a Database or PHP running on your system.
Everything will be supplied by DDEV. In fact, if you do have a Webserver
or Database running on your machine, make sure there are no conflicts (e.g.

> change the ports in the ddev config, see below).

Reviewer: I suggest to link "ddev config" to the according section and remove "see below".

Author: Pushed another change. Sorry about late follow-up.

   > Found a typo3 codebase at /var/www/t3coredev.
   > Project Type [backdrop, drupal6, drupal7, drupal8, drupal9, laravel, magento, magento2, php, typo3, wordpress] (typo3):

Change configuration
====================

> In order to make further changes to the configuration, use ddev config as shown

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make further changes to the configuration, use :ref:`ddev config <ddev-configure>`
```

> In order to make further changes to the configuration, use :ref:`ddev config <ddev-configure>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to make further changes to the configuration, use ddev config as shown below
```

Sorry, misread :-(

> below or edit the configuration file :file:`.ddev/config.yaml` manually.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or edit the configuration file :file:`.ddev/config.yaml` manually.
```

      The first command is required once, the second (build) command is required after
      every change of a resource file.

>       Be aware that until TYPO3 11.5 yarn was used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Be aware that until TYPO3 v11.5 yarn was used.
```
